Add doc for fine-tuning. (#43)
PyTorchLightning/lightning-flash: docs/source/general/finetuning.rst

**********
Finetuning
**********

Finetuning (or transfer-learning) is the process of tweaking a model trained on a large dataset, to your particular (likely much smaller) dataset. All Flash tasks have a pre-trained backbone that was trained on large datasets such as ImageNet, and that allows to decrease training time significantly. 

> .. note:: If you have a huge dataset and prefer to train from scratch, see the training guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    If you have a huge dataset and prefer to train from scratch, see the training guide.
```

Reviewer: btw, you can also use `.. tip::`

You can finetune any Flash tasks on your own data in just a 3 simple steps:

1. Load your data and organize it using :ref:`Flash Data Modules <data>`. Note that different tasks have different data modules (The :class:`~flash.vision.ImageClassificationData` for image classification, :class:`~flash.text.TextClassificationData` for text classification, etc.).

2. Pick a model to run from a variety of Flash tasks: :class:`~flash.vision.ImageClassification`, :class:`~flash.text.TextClassifier`, :class:`~flash.tabular.TabularClassifier`, all optimized with the latest best practices.

3. Finetune your model using  :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune` method. You will need to choose a finetune strategy.

Finetune options
================

Flash supports 4 builts-in Finetuning options:

* `no_freeze`: Don't freeze anything.
* `freeze`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts.

> * `freeze_unfreeze`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts and unfreeze the backbone when reaching `unfreeze_epoch`.

Reviewer: would it work also for spec steps?

Author: Not sure to understand what you mean.

Reviewer: never mind, not important atm :]

> * `unfreeze_milestones`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts and unfreeze the end backbone when reaching first milestones and begining when reaching second one.

Reviewer: can you specify or link what milestone means?

Reviewer 2: Elaborate on the difference between the "backbone" and the "end backbone".

Also elaborate on what is the beggining

Also "when reaching first milestiones" -> "when the first milestone is reached"

**********
Finetuning
**********

Finetuning (or transfer-learning) is the process of tweaking a model trained on a large dataset, to your particular (likely much smaller) dataset. All Flash tasks have a pre-trained backbone that was trained on large datasets such as ImageNet, and that allows to decrease training time significantly.

> Finetuning process can be splitted into 4 steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The finetuning process can be split into 4 steps:
```

> - 1. Train a source neural network model on a source dataset. For computer vision, it is traditionally  the [ImageNet dataset](http://www.image-net.org/search?q=cat). As training is costly, library such as [Torchvion](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/torchvision/index.html) library supports popular pre-trainer model architectures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 1. Train a particular neural network model on a particular dataset. For computer vision, the [ImageNet dataset](http://www.image-net.org/search?q=cat) is widely used. As training is costly, libraries such as [torchvision](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/torchvision/index.html) provide popular pre-trained model architectures. These are called backbones.
```

> - 2. Create a new neural network called the target model. Its architecture replicates the source model and parameters, expect the latest layer which is removed. This model without its latest layer is traditionally called a backbone

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 2. Create a new neural network called the target model. Its architecture replicates the backbone (model from previous step) and parameters, except the latest layer which is usually replaced to fit the necessities of your data.
```

> - 3. Add new layers after the backbone where the latest output size is the number of target dataset categories. Those new layers, traditionally called head will be randomly initialized while backbone will conserve its pre-trained weights from ImageNet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 3. This new layer (or layers) at the end of the backbone are used to match the backbone output to the number of target categories in your data. They are commonly referred to as the head'. The head is randomly initialized whereas the backbone conserves its pre-trained weights (for example the weights from ImageNet).
```

> - 4. Train the target model on a smaller target dataset. However, as new layers are randomly initialized, the first gradients will be random when training starts and will destabilize the backbone pre-trained parameters. Therefore, it is good pratice to freeze the backbone, which means the parameters of the backbone won't be trainable for some epochs. After some epochs, the backbone are being unfreezed, meaning the weights will be trainable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 4. Train the target model on a smaller target dataset. However, as the head (new layers) is untrained, the first results (gradients) will be random when training starts and could decrease the backbone performance (by changing its pre-trained parameters). Therefore, it is a good practice to "freeze" the backbone. This means the parameters of the backbone won't be updated until they are "unfrozen" a few epochs later.
```

> .. tip:: If you have a huge dataset and prefer to train from scratch, see the training guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. tip:: If you have a large dataset and prefer to train from scratch, see the training guide.
```

You can finetune any Flash tasks on your own data in just a 3 simple steps:

1. Load your data and organize it using `Flash DataModules`. Note that different tasks have different data modules (The :class:`~flash.vision.ImageClassificationData` for image classification, :class:`~flash.text.TextClassificationData` for text classification, etc.).

2. Pick a model to run from a variety of Flash tasks: :class:`~flash.vision.ImageClassification`, :class:`~flash.text.TextClassifier`, :class:`~flash.tabular.TabularClassifier`, all optimized with the latest best practices.

3. Finetune your model using  :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune` method. You will need to choose a finetune strategy.

Finetune options
================

> Flash supports 4 builts-in Finetuning options:

Reviewer 2: This is duplicated below

When calling the :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune`, one also needs to provide a finetune `strategy`.

.. code-block:: python

    import flash
    from flash import download_data
    from flash.vision import ImageClassificationData, ImageClassifier

    # 1. download and organize the data
    download_data("https://download.pytorch.org/tutorial/hymenoptera_data.zip", 'data/')

    data = ImageClassificationData.from_folders(
        train_folder="data/hymenoptera_data/train/",
        valid_folder="data/hymenoptera_data/val/"
    )

    # 2. build the task, and turn off pre-training
    task = ImageClassifier(num_classes=2, pretrained=False)

    # 3. train!
    trainer = flash.Trainer()
    trainer.finetune(model, data, strategy="no_freeze")

Finetune options
================

Flash finetune `strategy` argument can either a string or an instance of :class:`~python_lightning.callbacks.finetuning.BaseFinetuning`.
Furthermore, Flash supports 4 builts-in Finetuning Callback accessible string

    "no_freeze": BaseFinetuning,

>     "freeze": FlashBaseFinetuning,

Reviewer 2: Update these

    "freeze_unfreeze": FreezeUnfreeze,
    "unfreeze_milestones": UnfreezeMilestones

* `no_freeze: Don't freeze anything.
* `freeze`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts.
* `freeze_unfreeze`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts and unfreeze the backbone when reaching `unfreeze_epoch`.
* `unfreeze_milestones`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts and unfreeze the end backbone when reaching first milestones and begining when reaching second one.

.. code-block:: python

    # finetune for 10 epochs
    trainer = flash.Trainer()
    trainer.finetune(model, data, strategy="freeze_unfreeze")

    # or import FreezeUnfreeze
    from flash.core.finetuning import FreezeUnfreeze

    # finetune for 10 epochs. Backbone will be frozen for 5 epochs.
    trainer = flash.Trainer()
    trainer.finetune(model, data, strategy=FreezeUnfreeze(unfreeze_epoch=5))

Create a custom Finetuning Strategy

.. code-block:: python

    from flash.core.finetuning import BaseFinetuning

>     class FeatureExtractorFreezeUnfreeze(BaseFinetuning):

Reviewer 2: subclass `FlashBaseFinetuning`?

**********
Finetuning
**********

> Some Flash tasks have been pretrained on large data sets, to accelerate your training (calling the :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune` method using a pretrained backbone will fine-tune the backbone to generate a model customized to your data set and desired task). If you want to train the task from scratch instead, pass `pretrained=False` parameter when creating your task. Then, use the :func:`~flash.Trainer.fit` method to train your model.
> When calling the :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune`, one also needs to provide a finetune `strategy`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When training a Flash task, calling the :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune` using a pre-trained backbone will finetune the backbone onto your data and desired task. If you would like to train from scratch, pass `pretrained=False` when creating your task whilst using the :func:`~flash.Trainer.fit` method to start training.

When using :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune`, you also need to provide a finetune `strategy`.
```

**********
Finetuning
**********

> When training a Flash task, calling the :func:`~flash.Trainer.finetune` using a pre-trained backbone will finetune the backbone onto your data and desired task. If you would like to train from scratch, pass `pretrained=False` when creating your task whilst using the :func:`~flash.Trainer.fit` method to start training.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Finetuning (or transfer-learning) is the process of tweaking a model trained on a large dataset, to your particular (likely much smaller) dataset. All Flash tasks have a pre-trained backbone that was trained on large datasets such as ImageNet, and that allows to decrease training time significantly. 

.. note:: If you have a huge dataset and prefer to train from scratch, see :ref:`training` guide.
```

.. code-block:: python

    import flash
    from flash import download_data
    from flash.vision import ImageClassificationData, ImageClassifier

    # 1. download and organize the data
    download_data("https://download.pytorch.org/tutorial/hymenoptera_data.zip", 'data/')

    data = ImageClassificationData.from_folders(
        train_folder="data/hymenoptera_data/train/",
        valid_folder="data/hymenoptera_data/val/"
    )

    # 2. build the task, and turn off pre-training
    task = ImageClassifier(num_classes=2, pretrained=False)

    # 3. train!
    trainer = flash.Trainer()
    trainer.finetune(model, data, strategy="no_freeze")

Finetune options
================

Flash finetune `strategy` argument can either a string or an instance of :class:`~python_lightning.callbacks.finetuning.BaseFinetuning`.
Furthermore, Flash supports 4 builts-in Finetuning Callback accessible via those strings:

* `no_freeze`: Don't freeze anything.
* `freeze`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts.
* `freeze_unfreeze`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts and unfreeze the backbone when reaching `unfreeze_epoch`.

> * `unfreeze_milestones`: Freeze the backbone parameters when training starts and unfreeze the end backbone when reaching first milestones and begining when reaching second one.

Reviewer 2: can you rephrase? Also, do we have any reference to this technique?

Author: Done ! Not really, but I have seen it several time.

> Use the builts-in Finetuning Strategy Callback.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the built-in Finetuning Strategy Callback.
```

.. code-block:: python

    # finetune for 10 epochs
    trainer = flash.Trainer()
    trainer.finetune(model, data, strategy="freeze_unfreeze")

    # or import FreezeUnfreeze
    from flash.core.finetuning import FreezeUnfreeze

    # finetune for 10 epochs. Backbone will be frozen for 5 epochs.
    trainer = flash.Trainer()
    trainer.finetune(model, data, strategy=FreezeUnfreeze(unfreeze_epoch=5))

Create a custom Finetuning Strategy Callback.

.. code-block:: python

    from flash.core.finetuning import FlashBaseFinetuning

    class FeatureExtractorFreezeUnfreeze(FlashBaseFinetuning):

>         def __init__(self, unfreeze_at_epoch: int = 5, train_bn: bool = true)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        def __init__(self, unfreeze_at_epoch: int = 5, train_bn: bool = True)
```

            # this will set self.attr_names as ["feature_extractor"]
            super().__init__("feature_extractor", train_bn)
            self._unfreeze_at_epoch = unfreeze_at_epoch

        def freeze_before_training(self, pl_module):
            # freeze any module you want by overriding this function

            # Here, we are freezing ``feature_extractor``

>             self.freeze_using_attr_names(pl_module, self.attr_names, train_bn=self.train_bn)

Reviewer 2: Not sure about including this function here. I don't want users to think they ned to override it
